hey guys what's going on it's lefty from
643 productions coming at you here with
a black ops search-and-destroy gameplay
commentary here using the asean summit
and remember when I said that Uzi sucks
there was a steaming pile of shit well
it still is but I had a good few rounds
here and I want to show you guys the the
rest of the game take my word for it we
for owed this team but the the rest of
the rounds were rather uninteresting
from my perspective I don't think I even
got any more kills once i got you'll see
you'll see what happens anyway if you're
paying attention here in a quick second
the announcer just said that I was the
only one left and so there were five
guys I implore you to watch watch this
game play I was pretty proud of it but
while you're watching the game play I
want to let you guys know a few things
first of all I'm going to table a
commentary that I was going to upload
later today having to do with innovation
in modern warfare until tomorrow I just
I didn't feel that it would get the
circulation it deserved uploading it
later today so I'm going to table it for
tomorrow be on the lookout for that
tomorrow it's a live commentary but I
think it is very very interesting having
to do with modern warfare 3 and and what
some industry experts or industry
insiders or have to say about the
treatment that modern warfare 3 is
getting also we are only five days away
as of this recording from the release of
battlefield 3 and I want to prep you
guys because I know not a lot of you are
really you're on the fence about
battlefield 3 you don't know what to do
maybe you're going to get it maybe
you're not maybe you're dead set against
it but I want you guys to have as many
options open to you as possible so
here's what I'm going to do on october
25th at 12am on october 25th extra i'm
going to go to gamestop right now after
this recording and and make sure that i
have pre-order battlefield 3 and see if
they are going to be having a midnight
sales that i can go and get my copy of
battlefield 3 early or well as early as
possible and if they are having a
midnight say I'm going to try to find
one and i'm going to start streaming
battlefield 3 at midnight or actually as
soon as I get home and I'm going to
start streaming it and I want all of you
to come on out and watch the battlefield
3 livestream I'm going to stream
probably until the wee hours of the
morning then get some sleep and come on
back and then
all of October 25th all day all day it's
going to be battlefield 3 there will be
videos uploaded on my channel there will
be streams going on so I want all of you
guys to come out if you're if you're on
the fence about battlefield 3 or you
don't know what to do about it or you
just want to see some gameplay of it
before you make a solidified choice come
on out to the live stream pay attention
to my channel on october 25th there will
be plenty of battlefield 3 content for
you if you are a cod die hard cock fan I
implore you to check it out and at least
keep your options open it could be
beneficial for everybody but anyway guys
that's my time I got to get out of here
thank you for joining I hope you enjoyed
be sure to drop a like on this video if
you enjoyed watching me wreck with the
Uzi and remember all day October 25th
it's going to be battlefield 3 content
either here on my channel or on my
stream at twitch.tv / lefty 643 I'll see
you guys there I am out